Okta Identity Engine Overview (#2460)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-intro/index.md

* Quick and easy integration
* Features that are ready out of the box
* Simple configuration changes with no additional code for most functionalities, such as multifactor authentication

Learn how to implement this approach with the [Embedded authentication with the Sign-In Widget guide](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-overview/).

## Why use Okta Identity Engine?

Okta Identity Engine provides:

* Passwordless authentication

  Admins can enable the email authenticator now with the addition of a magic link in the email notification sent to end users. When policies are configured to include non-password authenticators, end users may sign in to their account using factors that don't require the use of a password. See [Configure passwordless authentication with email magic link](https://help.okta.com/en/oie/Content/Topics/identity-engine/procedures/configure-passwordless-auth.htm).

* Progressive profiling

>   Update an existing user's profile by prompting them for additional sign-in information when they advance to designated points. See [Create a Profile Enrollment policy for progressive profiling](https://help.okta.com/en/oie/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext-create-profile-enrollment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Update an existing user's profile by prompting them for additional sign-in information when they advance to designated stages in the sign-in process. See [Create a Profile Enrollment policy for progressive profiling](https://help.okta.com/en/oie/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext-create-profile-enrollment).
```

* App-level policies

>   App sign-on policies define the full requirements for an app. Admins can configure Okta Sign-On Policies to use App-level policies instead &mdash; making it easier to manage your apps. See [App sign-on policies](https://help.okta.com/en/oie/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/about-app-sign-on-policies.htm).

Reviewer: use alias for product doc link

* MFA enrollment policies

>   With MFA enrollment policies, you can create and enforce policies and rules for specific MFA factors and assign groups accordingly. Sign-on policies determine the types of authentication challenges end users experience when they sign in to their account. MFA enrollment policies are based on a variety of factors, such as location, group definitions, and authentication type. See [Create an MFA enrollment policy](https://help.okta.com/en/oie/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-mfa-policy.htm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With MFA enrollment policies, you can create and enforce policies and rules for specific factors and assign groups accordingly. Sign-on policies determine the types of authentication challenges end users experience when they sign in to their account. MFA enrollment policies are based on a variety of factors, such as location, group definitions, and authentication type. See [Create an MFA enrollment policy](https://help.okta.com/en/oie/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-mfa-policy.htm).
```

Reviewer: * use alias for product ref
* "MFA enrollment policies are based on a variety of factors, such as..." - is the word "factors" here used in the same context as "multifactor"?
